h2. HandBones-ANT-Tool

This ANT project is designed to be used for "HandBones":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones project. Please view an implementation of this tool at "HandBones-Samples":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-Samples.

h3. Overview

This tool allows to you to easily setup, compile and test your website.

h2. Instructions

# Download the tar/zip ball from the "downloads page":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-ANT-Tool/downloads.
# Extract it into a "subdirectory":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-Samples/tree/master/builder/ of you HandBones project.
# Edit the "build.properties":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-ANT-Tool/blob/master/build.properties file to match your needs.
# Run the "scaffhold-site":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-ANT-Tool/blob/master/build.xml#L41 target of the "build.xml":http://github.com/Matan/HandBones-ANT-Tool/blob/master/build.xml to setup your initial state of you website.
# Use the other targets as needed while developing your website.

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.